welcome to the man of recaps this is
Westworld season 3 episode 1 it's been 2
years so if you've forgotten everything
that happened in season 2
check out my recap but basically as the
host became self-aware they took over
Westworld
killed a bunch of people and dolores
escaped to the mainland Toto we're not
in Kansas anymore
we start with some douchebag billionaire
one of the co-owners of del owes the
parent company at Westworld
and we are fully in the future here he's
got hologram glasses he takes a little
computer chip wafer thing before bed
that's theoretically gonna help him get
a good night's sleep Oh we'll see more
of those later but everything in his
house is computer controlled so if
someone hacks it they can totally take
over there's a mysterious woman swimming
in his pool it is Dolores she remembers
this guy from his trip to West world
where he classically raped her in the
barn which is what so many terrible
people apparently did when there were in
West's world and there are no
consequences she also knows everything
about this guy because she read his book
that's the data the park was secretly
collecting on all the guests that's
basically a full breakdown of his
personality in life
she also torments him with his Hall of
glasses showing him his dead ex-wife who
slipped and fell in the pool but she
knows it was him Dolores is here for
more than just revenge though now that
she's in the real world she realized
that she needs money but more than money
she wants information on a company he
used to work for insight so he transfers
it all to her and she's true to her word
she's gonna let him live but he grabs
the golf club gonna come get her but so
it was a trick Dolores knew he would do
that and sent her hologram off ahead so
he's dead in the pool just like his
ex-wife gotten what he deserves now made
a new main character for this season
yeah Aaron Paula has joined the show his
name's Caleb and we get voiceover
throughout his scenes of him on a phone
call with his best friend Francis
Francis calls a lot to check in on him
make sure he's doing okay like a big
brother type of guy talent Francis were
in the military together and he's having
a hard time adjusting to being back home
he lives in future Los Angeles where he
works a crappy construction job with a
robot sidekick he's got a sick mother we
see her taking one of the computer chip
wafers - yeah apparently most people
have some sort of an implant now and
these things work like pills but instead
of pharmaceutical they're like
electronic Francis asks if Caleb's gonna
get his implant turned back on but
Caleb's not interested he likes his off
his mom says you're not my son
so maybe she has some sort of dementia
or maybe he's a robot I mean who knows
with this show to make extra money Caleb
does side jobs at night but he's not
driving uber it's a
crime app yeah they've got real-life GTA
you just pull up what crimes you want to
do and they transfer the money to your
account he's partnered on this gig with
this girl who he's actually worked with
before and also football star Marshawn
Lynch who's wearing a hilarious shirt
that lights up what mood he's in they
talk about getting their stats up by
doing more personals caleb doesn't do
personals i assume they're actual bad
crimes like against people but he's
totally fine with this job they're
blowing up an ATM Cal applies to
legitimate jobs to trying to play by the
rules and raise his score in the real
world he mentions how everything's run
by an algorithm these days that
theoretically puts people like in the
jobs where they belong most but Cal gets
the robo call hey we loved your
application unfortunately we don't have
anything for you right now ah this
algorithm leaving Cal binds oh he's
going back to the crime app now flying
into delos headquarters it's Charlotte
Hale remember last season Dolores was in
a Charlotte Hale host body and killed
the real one so who is this Charlotte
Hale is it still actually Dolores or is
it a new Charlotte Hale personality
Dolores maid we don't know but either
way she's definitely a robot on Dolores
his side so this is a powerful place to
be it's been three months since the
west-world massacre and the company is
still reeling board wants to shut town
Westworld entirely sell everything for
parts but Charlotte's like hey there's
no such thing as bad press she wants to
take the company private and double down
on Westworld technology but she needs
the support of an absent board member
it's probably William the man in black
well he's gone no it looks like a
computer program gets to vote for him
and it supports Charlotte the whole
Westworld massacre by the way is getting
blamed on one person Bernard Bernard
sinful Pharaoh's farmer mo he's shaved
his head grown an epic beard I mean
Bernard lookin sexy at night he does
Diagnostics on himself asking if anyone
else is tampered with him lately he's
been controlled and reprogrammed and
memory wiped so many times he doesn't
trust himself anymore he's living off
the grid under a fake name because he's
still a very wanted man unfortunately
some of Bernards co-workers recognize
him one day want to turn him in for the
reward in fact this is exactly the scene
from The Ed Norton Incredible Hulk movie
including the part where Bernard turns
off his inhibitors or whatever and
totally Hulk's out back to Dolores
enjoying the future of self-driving cars
and awesome color-changing dresses she's
found the CEO of insight Liam Dempsey
and is
in fact dating him now his drunk friend
voices a fan theory a lot of people have
that this real world is not the real
world it's just another simulation or
maybe future world in the park but
Dolores is like nah I don't think so
Liam takes her to inside headquarters
and shows her their massive computer AI
called Robo Rehoboam I had to rewind and
put on subtitles in any case this is the
super AI that's running the algorithms
that Caleb was talking about apparently
it's optimized the world and a lot of
great ways with like traffic patterns
and city building but you know it's a
little dystopian to have your fate
decided by a computer now Liam Scottish
head of security interrupts him
apparently he's got a meeting right now
Flores wants to follow him so she talks
to her virtual assistant that's like hey
steal me a motorcycle yeah Dolores
basically has superpowers in this
futuristic everything's controlled by
computer world she gets in position to
spy on his meeting with this other woman
apparently she represents a partner
company or something worried about some
weird anomalies they've seen in Rehoboam
lately
Dolores gets Liam talking about it and
apparently he has no power over a hobo
him at all it was his dad that created
it Liam is locked out her hobo was
basically running itself the only person
with access is his dad's mysterious
partner
just then Scottish security guy comes in
and tases Dolores he just found out her
identity is fake he doesn't know she's a
robot though assume she's just you know
a gold digger or a corporate espionage
person they intercepted a text she sent
earlier telling someone to meet her
under the bridge she was gonna kidnap
Liam and bring him there
Caleb's crime job tonight was to grab an
SUV and deliver something turns out the
job was posted by Scottish security guy
bringing it to where him and Dolores are
kyle realizes something's off here he's
like hey I don't do personals I hope no
one's getting hurt this guy puts a gun
in his face but Cal's totally unfazed
mentions he didn't sha tin the head
before another hint that he's secretly a
robot or maybe that's just you know how
he was injured in the army Kyle decides
to pick up a call from Francis and
Francis is like hey you know how we
talked about how the game is rigged you
said they built the world to be a game
and then they rigged it to make sure
they always wanted me but you know I was
thinking like you still got a play
though but Kyle's like nah man that's
not what the real Francis used to think
yeah turns out Francis died back in the
military this is some sort of computer
program that you know it's supposed to
help you therapy by talking to your old
friends Kyle's like I can't do this
anymore I gotta find something real and
in a heartbreaking moment he has to
unsubscribe from calls from his dead
best friend
they bring an unconscious Dolores to
where she was gonna meet her friend but
no one shows up so it's time to kill her
they're gonna pump her full of drugs
make it look like an overdose classic
but they've given her a lot and Dolores
is still fine
yeah Dolores has been faking the whole
time she bust out of there and it's an
epic one-shot action scene while she
takes out all these guys
turns out Dolores wasn't planning to
kidnap Liam she was planning to capture
Scottish security guy and the friend she
was meeting was a robot version of him
boom he's taken out by his robot copy
Dolores is going around replacing
powerful people with her own robot army
she has a big shootout with the rest of
his men and you know she's an expert gun
slinger takes him all down she calls her
motorcycle for help but it's not coming
to pick her up
boom boom crashes right into that guy
meanwhile Caleb decided something was
fishy about that job he just did so he
goes back to the scene and there he
finds an injured Delores he was
searching for someone real and has just
found someone fake but he's arguably
more real than anything else in his
world
Bernard meanwhile is on the run he
charters a boat heading to West world
yeah looks like we're going back to the
parks this season after all that's where
the episode ends but there isn't after
the credits scene so if you don't want
that spoiled go watch it now the after
credits scene shows us maybe that was
wondering where she was and where is she
she's in a weird situation looks kind of
like old timey she was apparently just
interrogating a German soldier what she
is in World War two I did not see that
coming this is probably yet another Park
in the west-world complex world war two
world I guess seems like a crazy one to
have but I guess it's like Call of Duty
people love going around shooting Nazis
so very excited for where this
storylines going season 3 started off
incredible I'll be doing weekly
Westworld recaps so hit that subscribe
button and find out how this crazy
season goes down hit that subscribe
button for more of the best recaps of TV
and movies and click the join button to
support the channel and be a recap
champion